add questions for first half of chap 3 (#4)
Qala-Dev/discussion-questions: mastering-lightning/README.md

## 3. How the Lightning Network Works

> 1. Describe the lightning network in terms of channels. What is needed to setup a "Lightning Network?" Is there only one Lightning network?
> 1. Which parts of the lightning network are public? Which parts are private? How could we improve the privacy?
> 1. What data must a lightning node keep in order to route payments and protect themselves against loss of funds? As a node operator, how does this scale?
> 1. Why is revoking a transaction in bitcoin tricky? Why can't we simply invalidate older channel states?
> 1. Describe the differences between a bitcoin address and a lightning payment invoice. What are the security assumptions of a lightning invoice?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Describe the Lightning Network in terms of channels. What is needed to set up a "Lightning Network?" Is there only one Lightning Network?
1. Which parts of the Lightning Network are public? Which parts are private? How could we improve the privacy?
1. What data must a Lightning Network node keep in order to route payments and protect itself against loss of funds? As a node operator, how does this scale?
1. Why is revoking a transaction in bitcoin tricky? Why can't we simply invalidate older channel states?
1. Describe the differences between a bitcoin address and a Lightning Network payment invoice. What are the security assumptions of the invoice?
```

Reviewer: Just nits for consistency.
